W-15253478-advanced-alerts-duke (#319)
mulesoft/docs-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/advanced-alerts.adoc

include::reuse::partial$billing/pricing.adoc[tag=featureAdvReq]

Set up advanced alerts for charts in xref:create-custom-dashboard.adoc[custom dashboards], from the chart's *Alert* tab. Alerts trigger email notifications if a data point you're measuring passed a specified threshold in the past 5 minutes. This 5 minute period is fixed and not configurable. 

> For apps that run on more than one worker, charts that display worker-related metrics in Anypoint Monitoring dashboards break down the metrics by worker. 

Author: ```suggestion
For apps configured to run with more than one worker, charts that display worker-related metrics in Anypoint Monitoring dashboards break down the metrics by worker. 
```

include::reuse::partial$billing/pricing.adoc[tag=featureAdvReq]

> Set up advanced alerts for charts in xref:create-custom-dashboard.adoc[custom dashboards], from the chart's *Alert* tab. Alerts trigger email notifications when a data point you're measuring passes a specified threshold in the past 5 minutes. Workers are 

Author: ```suggestion
Set up advanced alerts for charts in xref:create-custom-dashboard.adoc[custom dashboards], from the chart's *Alert* tab. Alerts trigger email notifications if a data point you're measuring passed a specified threshold in the past 5 minutes. This 5 minute period is fixed and not configurable. 

For apps that run on more than one worker, charts measuring worker-related activity in Anypoint Monitoring dashboards break down activity by worker. 
```
